[mlir] Support emit fp16 and bf16 type to cpp (#105803)
llvm/llvm-project: mlir/docs/Dialects/emitc.md

    operation, C++20 is required.
*   If `ssize_t` is used, then the code requires the POSIX header `sys/types.h`
    or any of the C++ headers in which the type is defined.
*   If `_Float16` is used, the code requires the support of C additional

>     floating types.

Reviewer: I think usually this documentation specifies the type in the mlir world and then relates it to something in C/C++. Maybe
> If `f16` types are used, the code requires a compiler that supports `_Float16`.

Same for `bf16` below.

Author: Addressed

> *   If `__bf16` is used, the code requires complier that supports it, such as:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*   If `__bf16` is used, the code requires a compiler that supports it, such as:
```

> *   If `__bf16` is used, the code requires a complier that supports it, such as 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*   If `__bf16` is used, the code requires a compiler that supports it, such as 
```

typo slipped through

> *   If `__bf16` is used, the code requires complier that supports it, such as:
>     GCC and Clang.

Reviewer 3: I would probably rephrase to
```suggestion
*   If `__bf16` is used, the code requires a complier that supports it, such as
    GCC or Clang.
```
